# June 10, 2019

Our Phase 4 pitch has been rescheduled and is set for this Thursday, June 13 at 12:30pm EST / 11:30am CST / 9:30am PST. We are looking forward to making our case for the continuation of this important and interesting work.

## Completed

* Renamed the Django data ingest—meet ReVAL, the Reusable Validation & Aggregation Library!
* Finalized [Phase 4 pitch](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v_nTMcyEhQvrI1pv79YbNAx6bCf6NiXuCptRq2OjzbI/edit?ts=5cfe7855#slide=id.g5ada30f8b8_1_1107)
  * Solicited feedback in cross-pollination session May 30
  * Solicited feedback from design critique group
* Completed [first draft of MOU](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OdUExyb8VMDjRK9tDcn4eGTiraPQSXwn62GnTwXmI3k/edit) for potential Phase 4
* Continued to develop the reusable data validation tool
  * Started closing out documentation
  * Started adding issues for outstanding work on reusable tool
  * Started to close out the prototype for WZDx
* Phase 3 wrap-up
  * Final check in with Christian Moscardi at Census and Nate Deshmukh-Towery with the Work Zone Data Exchange at DOT
  * Began consolidating Phase 3 activities and findings in a single document
  * Started a mailing list for those who have expressed interest in being updated on the work of the U.S. Data Federation and sent out first message
* Prepared to transition FNS Data Validation Service to their USDA/FNS team at the end of Phase 3
  * Created content for [developers’ guide on GitHub](https://github.com/18F/usda-fns-ingest/wiki) in two sections
  * Met with FNS to discuss responsibilities and get an update on states’ progress
  * Submitted developer’s guide for comments from dev lab, received feedback, made updates

## Up Next

* Deliver Phase 4 pitch Thursday, June 13
* Complete MOU for potential Phase 4
* Complete Phase 3 summary as deliverable for 10x team
* Amy to participate in webinar introducing states to the USDA/FNS Data Validation Service
* Complete documentation on the prototype for WZDx
* Ping down all dependencies for the reusable tool
* Complete adding issues for outstanding work on reusable tool
* Complete closing out the documentation for the reusable tool

## Questions / Blockers

* Some team members have started working on other projects
* @juliaklindpaintner will be OOO 6/17–7/1


